chore: updated repo documentation (#200)
embrace-io/embrace-web-sdk: CONTRIBUTING.md

Author: copy and pasted from our other open source repos

# Contributing

Thank you for participating in this project!

This document provides some basic guidelines for contributing to this repository. To propose improvements, feel free to submit a pull request or open an issue.

## Requirements

Before code can be accepted all contributors must read the [**code of conduct**](https://github.com/embrace-io/embrace-react-native-sdk/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) and complete our [**Individual Contributor License Agreement (CLA).**](https://forms.gle/SjXadmUcVwh6NrU68)

Our code of conduct applies to all platforms and venues related to this project; please follow it in all your interactions with the project and its participants.

## Pull Requests

If you would like to contribute code you can do so through GitHub by forking the repository and sending a pull request.

When submitting code, please make every effort to follow existing conventions and style in order to keep the code as readable as possible.

For more details on how to setup your environment and implement changes please see our [development guide](./DEVELOPING.md).

## Reporting issues

> If you have any trouble to start contributing, please [contact us directly](mailto:support@embrace.io) or reach out in our [Community Slack](https://embraceio-community.slack.com/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any trouble to start contributing, please [contact us directly](mailto:support@embrace.io) or reach out in our [Community Slack](https://community.embrace.io/)
```

> Finally, feel free to open a [new issue](https://github.com/embrace-io/embrace-react-native-sdk/issues/new).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, feel free to open a [new issue](https://github.com/embrace-io/embrace-web-sdk/issues/new).
```
